Add a top level flake (#16)
input-output-hk/cardano-dev: README.md

# cardano-dev
Scripts for developing on cardano

## Nix usage

> Theres an app in the flake for every script with a file name ending with `.sh` in `scripts/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an app in the flake for every script with a file name ending with `.sh` in `scripts/` directory.
```
